Fix `*-case|*-unknown` false positives for CSS-in-JS template literals (#6666)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/five-waves-relax.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Fixed: `annotation-no-unknown` false positives in CSS-in-JS syntax
> Fixed: `function-name-case` false positives in CSS-in-JS syntax
> Fixed: `function-no-unknown` false positives in CSS-in-JS syntax
> Fixed: `unit-no-unknown` false positives in CSS-in-JS syntax
> Fixed: `value-keyword-case` false positives in CSS-in-JS syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed: `*-case|*-unknown` false positives for CSS-in-JS template literals
```

Author: I think this would be confusing to users. I would understand proposed line as if _all_ rules matching the pattern would have fixed false positives. I fixed only rules that I personally had issues with. I don't know about other rules.

Reviewer: > I fixed only rules that I personally had issues with. I don't know about other rules.

Oh, I didn't clock that. Makes sense. I've updated the suggestion.
